Proposed v2 of the IPIP process (#324)
ipfs/specs: IPIP/0001-lightweight-improvement-proposal-process.md

When a new specification file is added to the repo, it should be based on
the template at [`ipfs/specs/template.md`](../template.md).

When naming a new proposal, don't try to introduce an IPIP number; we will do that only for
IPIPs that are approved before accepting into master.

> Proposals are officially submitted when a pull request into master is opened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposals are officially submitted when a pull request into `main` branch is opened
```

> Proposals that were reviewed and rejected will be moved into /archive folder and then merged into master

Reviewer: I think this should be the same place as one mentioned in "Reviewing IPIPs" section, so:

```suggestion
Proposals that were reviewed and rejected will be moved into `/IPIP/rejected` folder and then merged into `main`.
```

nit: this will be a lossy process, because IPIP PR may have changes to existing specs outside the `/IPIP` dir.
I guess we could link the original PR at the top of an archived IPIP document, in case someone wants to see the full diff IPIP proposed?

### Reviewing IPIPs

1. [Specs Stewards] will do an initial triage of newly opened PRs roughly monthly. They'll try to filter out
noise, so that community consideration is given only to reasonable proposals; others they'll reject.

> 2. Specs Stewards will post to the forums linking to the proposal; directing feedback/discussion to

Reviewer: What do we mean by "the forums"?
Should I create "IPIP" category under https://discuss.ipfs.tech/c/protocol/30 ?

take place in Github on the PR
3. After a month of discussion, Specs Stewards will review again. If there are no substantive disagreements
with the proposal, including within Spec Stewards, the proposal will be approved.
4. If discussion or modification is still underway and appears to be leading to a resolution, it can be held
open for another month
5. Proposals that are generating ongoing discussion and seem contentious or stuck will be brought in for
consideration at a monthly sync, to be announced at least a week ahead of time on the forum.
6. After discussion, Spec Stewards will make call on whether to approve or reject the proposal.
7. At this point approved proposals get assigned a number (encoded in the filename),

> and merged into the IPIP folder on master. Rejected
> proposals should be also merged to master, but in a subfolder called "Rejected". Proposals rejected in intial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and merged into the IPIP folder on `main` branch. Rejected
proposals should be also merged, but in a subfolder called `/IPIP/rejected`. Proposals rejected in intial
```

triage will simply have the PR declined.

> 8. IPIP author and two approving [Specs Stewards] are added to `CODEOWNERS` fileto be
> automatically asked to review any future changes to files added or modified by the IPIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. IPIP author and two approving [Specs Stewards] are added to `CODEOWNERS` file to be
automatically asked to review any future changes to files added or modified by the IPIP.
```

Author: I agree with this - I think documenting the process itself in an IPIP is inconsistent with the notion of IPIPs documenting changes. I'll make this modification.
